My first contact with witnesses was in my 20s.
As my knowledge increased, I made drastic changes.
I quit smoking, stopped swearing and using drugs.
I also changed my violent behavior.
I completely gave up martial arts, and then I was baptized as one of Jovo's witnesses.
It was an amazing day that I would never forget.
Shortly after my baptism, I became quite involved in my work at the theatre.
The environment there was very immoral, you know?
Even after several loving warnings from the brothers in the congregation
advising me to look for another job, I choose not to follow their advice.
I'd worked there for a long time, so I thought,
I can handle it, but I was wrong.
My conscience became dull, and I committed a serious sin against Jovo.
When I left the truth, several officers came away.
I became a manager at a nightclub that was open until 6 in the morning.
It was a lot of parties, and it was a lot of drugs.
I also received martial arts.
I came in contact with serious criminals, and gradually became friends
with the most influential person in the criminal underworld in Oslo.
Eventually, I was in prison for my violent behaviour.
Christian movement visited the prison where I was,
and all of the inmates were invited to an event where they would be cake served.
That sounded very interesting.
I was tempted by a cake.
They also played music, but after a while,
I started speaking in tongues, and I felt very uncomfortable.
I didn't want to be involved in that.
But I couldn't get up.
Even though I was big and strong back then,
I physically couldn't stand up from my chair.
I've experienced a lot in my life, but at that moment, I was genuinely scared.
So I cried out to Jovo, and immediately I was released,
and I was able to get up and leave.
This big man was now in a fetal position crying.
And then I called my wife and asked her to bring me a Bible and some literature.
I had to start studying again and draw close to Jovo.
The greatest challenge was prayer to start communicating with Jovo again
after being so far away from him, doing all these bad things.
You know, it was a long way to go.
One scripture I especially remember is Isaiah 118,
where he says, come now, let us set matters straight between us,
that touch me deeply.
He also says that if your sins are red like scarlet,
Jovo will make them white as snow.
It felt like he separated the darkness and stretched out his hand,
and pulled me out, back into the light again.
Six months after I was reinstated, my wife decided to dedicate her life to Jovo,
and was baptized.
She has been a huge support during my return.
I was very nervous at first, but when I entered the kingdom hall,
that feeling just disappeared.
God's spirit is here.
The way the brothers and sisters acted towards each other,
such a contrast to my former lifestyle,
we feel deeply blessed by Jovo.
Of course, you make mistakes once in a while,
but now I feel confident that Jovo is merciful.